# :bird: June 4th, 2024

**Start Time**: 18:00

**End Time**: 21:00

**Location**: Online

**Date**: June 4, 2024.

## ðŸ‘‹ Attendence

1. Bennett
2. Dima
3. Francisco
4. Ishika
5. Paula

***Attendence Comments***

## Announcements

- Design document due tomorrow, June 5th.
- Design video due on Friday.
- Reminder to everyone to update their individual logs.

## Last Meeting (Restrospective)

N/A

## This Meeting  

- Reviewed the design document.
  - Need to confirm with Scott what he means by "flow" in the UI section.
  - Fran to convert the google doc to markdown tomorrow and upload it.
- Assigned video sections to each member.
  - Bennett to put the video together.
- Reviewed Fran's poetry+docker setup.
- Reviewed project board.
- So far:
  - We have the frontend and the backend running
- Work plan for the next week and work distribution
  - Want to develop frontend and backend in parallel (in general)
    - E.g. if we have an API endpoint, the same person should work on both the frontend and the backend for that feature.
  - Dima to start implementing the proposed ER diagram.
  - Dima to setup the CI/CD pipeline.
  - We will start to get the authentication system working.
  - Meeting after class tomorrow to discuss the overall layout and file system we want to use for the frontend. This will make work more consistent.

## Action Items

- Each member to record their video portion and send to Bennett.
- Each member to add their individual logs
- Paula to add the team log.

## Additional Notes
