# :bird: May 27th, 2024

**Start Time**: 19:00

**End Time**: 20:15

**Location**: Online

**Date**: May 27, 2024

## 👋 Attendence

1. Bennett
2. Dima
3. Francisco
4. Ishika
5. Paula

***Attendence Comments***

## Announcements

- Project plan due on Wednesday the 29th of May.
- Video due on Wednesday the 29th of May.

## Last Meeting (Restrospective)

- Continued the discussion on the project plan and contacted Scott with questions.
- Paula and Ishika started work on the slides.

## This Meeting  

- Completed most of the discussion on the project plan.
  - Some more stretch goals:
    - Supporting multiple correct answers per question (see Scott's message below).
  - Bennett messaged Scott about the need for "2 additional features per team member" milestone.
  - Decided that our SMART goals would be our success criteria.
- Slides
  - Assigned sections to each member

## Action Items

- Each member to clean up the slides of their respective section and prep for the video shoot.
- Next meeting: 6 pm tomorrow, May 28th for video shooting.

## Additional Notes

- Items which require a response/action from Scott:
  - Bubble sheet templates
  - Team/Individual logs templates

- Canvas Response from Scott:
  - **Are multiple correct answers allowed per question?** In general with MCQs, it is possible to have more than one correct answer per row and each selection could have its own unique point value (ie marked separately) or it could be that the entire question needs to be correct in order to get the point (this is potentially unique to each exam, so would work to decouple it from the rest of the system); Something that you may want to consider (from a design perspective) is that you could have a specific definition (structure plan) for each exam that is used for the generation of the sheet, marking as well as the presentation of how the information is stored in the system.
  - **Can more than one teacher teach a course?** Yes, it it most likely that there will be more than one instructor/TA for the course.

- Scott's Discord responses:
  - **Do we need tests for the design document?** Was a typo, not needed.
  - **Are the SMART goals and success criteria the same?** These can form the foundation for success criteria; think about what the user and system need to do.   You could add this as a summary table for the success criteria (in additon to listing out your objectives and success criteria).   Often, Measurable Objectives and Success Criteria must include a number of measurable items that you might want to record separately.
