**Start Time**: 18:45

**End Time**: 19:36

**Location**: Online

**Date**: June 10, 2024

## ðŸ‘‹ Attendance

1. Bennett
2. Dima
3. Ishika
4. Paula
5. Fran

***Attendance Comments***

## Announcements

Milestone 3 due on Friday.

## Last Meeting (Restrospective)

N/A

## This Meeting  

- Changed `weekly_logs` branch protection to require only 1 review.
- Discussed how to proceed with logging.
- Reminder to everyone to always pull from `development` while working.
- Cleaned up project board and PRs.
- Also reviewed some PRs with everyone.
- Task assignment for the next few days.
- For joining a course, consider 3 cases
  - User signed in
    - Pop up asking for confirmation to join the course
  - User not signed in
    - Ask user to sign in first
    - And then redirect to pop up asking for confirmation to join the course
  - User already joined
    - If already joined, have a red bar at the top (not a pop up) saying that the user has already joined the course

## Action Items

- Everyone to update their clockify and logs. Paula to update the team logs
  - We will follow the new instructions and templates posted on Canvas

- Meeting on Wednesday/Thursday to prep for the mini-presentation.

## Additional Notes

N/A
