# :bird: May 28th, 2024

**Start Time**: 19:00

**End Time**: 20:15

-- break --

**Start Time**: 20:15

**End Time**: 21:55

**Location**: Online

**Date**: May 28, 2024

## ðŸ‘‹ Attendance

1. Bennett
2. Dima
3. Francisco
4. Ishika
5. Paula

***Attendance Comments***

## Announcements

- Project plan due on Wednesday the 29th of May.
- Video due on Wednesday the 29th of May.
- For Friday, the first team and personal logs need to be completed.

## Last Meeting (Restrospective)

- Continued the discussion on the project plan.
- Assigned slide sections to each member

## This Meeting  

- Pushed the project plan to GitHub.
- Another stretch goal:
  - Allow slider for light/dark theme. We can easily do that in tailwind/flowbite.
- Recorded the project plan video.
  - Bennett to edit the video and Dima to review.
  - Dima to upload the video.
- Started working on the design prototypes.
- Assigned members to sections of the design document.

## Action Items

- Dima to ask Ramon about the license to be used.
- Next meeting: TBD during class tomorrow.

## Additional Notes

- Items which require a response/action from Scott:
  - Bubble sheet templates
  - Team/Individual logs templates
