# :bird: June 6th, 2024

**Start Time**: 17:00

**End Time**: 17:45

**Location**: Online

**Date**: June 6, 2024

## ðŸ‘‹ Attendance

1. Bennett
2. Dima
3. Ishika
4. Paula

***Attendance Comments***

Fran had a conflict and could not attend.

## Announcements

Design video due tomorrow.

## Last Meeting (Restrospective)

N/A

## This Meeting  

- Bennett to submit the design video
- Discussed our next steps.
  - Bennett to create issues for the project board
  - Dima will finish the database set up. The next steps would be working on authentication.
- Master, Development, Logs and Documentation branches are now protected.
- We will merge the `weekly_log` branch tomorrow after discussion with Scott.
- Dima has worked on the database and docker set ups. He can demo those tomorrow.

## Action Items

- Everyone to update their clockify and logs. Paula to update the team logs
  - As Scott mentioned, we will branch off from the weekly_logs branch and open separate PRs.

- Ask Scott tomorrow
  - Should we push the slides to GitHub?
  - Do we REALLY need to have separate branches for the logs? That would get super messy since we are not allowed to delete branches.

## Additional Notes
