# :bird: May 26th, 2024

**Start Time**: 13:00

**End Time**: 15:30

-- break --

**Start Time**: 17:00

**End Time**: 20:00

**Location**: Online

**Date**: May 26, 2024

## 👋 Attendance

1. Bennett
2. Dima
3. Francisco
4. Ishika
5. Paula

***Attendance Comments***

## Announcements

- Project plan due on Wednesday the 29th of May.
- Video due on Wednesday the 29th of May.

## Last Meeting (Restrospective)

- Discussed database design and project plan.

## This Meeting  

- Continued the discussion on the project plan.
  - Decided that some features will be considered as stretch goals and not part of the MVP given our tight timeline:
    - System onboarding
    - Changing the weighting of questions in an exam
    - Allowing instructors to upload a CSV file of students for student registration.
    - Accounting for large class sizes is out of scope. This can be a future optimization.
    - Monitoring system performance and usage.
    - Accounting for multiple versions of the same exam. For instance, a PSYO section having Version A and Version B of a midterm.
    - Detailed performance metrics for individual students.
  - Decided to keep the feature about allowing instructors to modify the OMR grading results in the MVP since that should be an essential feature.
    - No OMR software can have 100% accuracy.
  - Fran found out that [ReportLab](https://docs.reportlab.com/) could be an option for JSON-PDF conversion.
  - Decided to leave the User requirements section for tomorrow as it seems unclear.
  - The rubric seems unclear as to whether the SMART goals and success criteria are the same. Paula texted Scott.
  - It is also unclear whether we will need tests for the design document due on the 5th. Paula texted Scott.

## Action Items

- Verify with Ramon what license he would like us to use.
- Paula to start working on the slides for the video presentation.
- Next meeting: 7 pm tomorrow (Monday May 27th) online to finish the project proposal.

## Additional Notes

- Items which require a response/action from Scott:
  - Canvas message: Are multiple correct answers allowed per question? Can more than one teacher teach a course?
  - Bubble sheet templates
  - Team/Individual logs templates
  - Are the SMART goals and success criteria the same?
  - Do we need tests for the design document?
