# Requirements review meeting with Ramon

**Start Time**: 14:00

**End Time**: 14:22

**Location**: Zoom

**Date**: May 31, 2024.

## 👋 Attendance

1. Bennett
2. Dima
3. Francisco
4. Ishika
5. Paula
6. Ramon

***Attendance Comments***

## Notes

- Ramon has never used the Scantron, so Scott will be able to provide better feedback from a user perspective.
- However, Ramon is the academic director for the CTL where the Scantron is located in.
- The main problem is that we only have one machine which is available during limited time slots.
  - If something goes wrong, another time slot might have to be booked, and this makes marking tedious.

- Reviewed the team's requirements video.
  - One minor area for improvement is to have a slide with pictures of the team to put faces to names.
  - Our success criteria is quite general. It could be more detailed and more specific to the project.
  - Discussed what we meant by "taking less than 10 minutes to set up an exam".
    - Fran explained our idea of making it as intuitive and easy as possible for the user.
    - Stressed that this upper bound might not make sense if an instructor chooses to make a 200-question exam for example.
  - Discussed what we meant by "limiting to 100 students per course"
    - Since the users of the system will be the biggest courses at the university, we will want to cater to over 400 students.
    - Since the idea of limiting to 100 students was related to file sizes, we will want to rephrase that to talk about "batch sizes" rather than "students".
  - No issues with the technical requirements.
    - No preference for the tech stack used for front-end and back-end.
  - We are competing with commercial software so perfection is not expected.
  - UBC uses [Remark](https://ctl.ok.ubc.ca/learningtechnology/omr/) for OMR.
    - It offers customizable bubble sheets, but UBC has not purchased that feature.
    - The customization is different from what the team is proposing (more along the lines of allowing the user to draw out what they want and upload it to the software) so we might want to look into it more.
  - Ramon emphasized that 90% of the users of the software will not be tech-savvy
    - We need to account for the most basic cases and anything fancier such as the customizable bubble sheets will be nice-to-haves.
    - Scott does want us to push the boundaries so it is good that we are thinking of customization.
  - Ramon thinks that allowing students to view their marked exam might be more of a nice-to-have.
    - Some instructors might not even want to release that information to students.
    - Instead, we might want to explore exporting the results to Canvas
      - Exporting grades as CSV to Canvas
      - Exporting the marked PDFs to Canvas
  - There is also no need to focus on implementing fancy analytics for students.
    - Instructor might also not want to release that info.
- Other points:
  - The focus is to successfully apply OMR to uploaded sheets. The customization will be more of a nice-to-have.
  - The major goal is the OMR system. Reporting and analytics will be nice-to-haves.
  - Confirmed that we do not want a GNU license
    - We want the software to be open for commercialization and hence, do not want to have to release the source code.
    - Can use Apache or BSD.
- Ramon's tips:
  - Explore Remark and its features so that we can make a good case for our product
    - Understand what we are competing against and how to be different.
  - Explore Scantron's bubble-sheet offerings to better understand the structure/formatting.
    - Can ask Scott to provide an example, or get some from the CTL?

## Action Items

To be explored:

- Remark
- Scantron's bubble sheets
- Exporting results to Canvas
